ARTEMIS-4785 ARTEMIS-4702 Add profile and log4j2 files for non-run CLI commands (#5136)
apache/activemq-artemis: docs/user-manual/upgrading.adoc

./artemis upgrade PATH_TO_UPGRADING_INSTANCE
----

> The broker instance scripts `bin/artemis`, `etc/artemis.profile` and `etc/artemis-utility.profile` (`artemis.cmd`, and `artemis.cmd.profile` on Windows) will be updated to the new versions, setting its ARTEMIS_HOME to refer to the new broker version home path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The broker instance script `bin/artemis` plus profiles `etc/artemis.profile` and `etc/artemis-utility.profile` (`artemis.cmd`, `artemis.cmd.profile`, and `artemis-utility.cmd.profile` on Windows) will be updated to the new versions, setting its ARTEMIS_HOME to refer to the new broker version home path.
```
